# Basic-Profile
A high level description of me

In her role, Aliza Carpio works with product development teams to design and build AI-driven insights and solutions that optimize operations for property teams. She is passionate about delivering exceptional client experiences, cultivating strategic partnerships, and establishing JLL PAMTech, Property and Asset Management Tech, platform as the market leader in data-forward innovation. Prior to JLLT, she was Director of Tech Evangelism at Autodesk and was part of Autodesk's Product Management Guild. Previous to Autodesk, she was Principal Tech Evangelist (Head of Tech Culture) at Intuit where she was Open Source Program Leader and co-founded the Inner Source movement. Outside of her work life, she conducts pro bono consulting for women owned micro businesses in California,Texas and Mexico. 

 In 2019, she co-founded San Diego Design Week. She was speaker at GHC 2019 & 2020 and has been co-chair of GHC tracks since 2019. Aliza graduated from the University of California, San Diego with a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry



My past:   
Aliza Carpio is Technology Evangelist at Intuit. In her role, she focuses on initiatives that create an awesome tech culture for Intuit technologists, which leads to building Intuit's tech brand. A true "multipotentialite" at heart, she is an inventor with several filed patents, an Innovation Catalyst and podcast host of Intuit's Tech Heroes on iTunes:https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/tech-heroes/id1485312342 which features Intuit and external technologists, the tech that inspires them and the work they love. She is San Diego Magazine's Industry Leader Award Winner of 2018, bit.ly/SDMagWomen. Outside of Intuit, she conducts pro-bono social media consultation for women owned, micro-businesses in San Diego. She was previous board member at EvoNexus (2016-2018 and is co-organizer of five San Diego tech meetups that meet at Intuit San Diego.
Previous to her current role, she was Tech Evangelist of Intuit's Consumer Group, Social Media Manager on TurboTax. She was also an Engineering Manager and was responsible for leading one of the Windows engineering teams for TurboTax. Other positions at Intuit include: Customer Experience Manager, Consumer Tax Group where she led teams who develop the customer experience for TurboTax. She was a product manager in for three years in various customer experience. She was an Intuit program manager for IT infrastructure projects and for Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. Prior to Intuit, she was Launch Manager at Hewlett Packard (Barcelona) and technical marketing associate at Kimberly Clark Corporation. She has a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Chemistry from University of California, San Diego and a Master’s degree in Communications.
